and welcome back everybody to let's play
like the Star Wars - I'm kicking his ass
and I can't sing save my life so scurry
out that was it
step out the window now ash updater off
the cliff nice way to focus a lot can
discern the power brick which isn't
gonna win the lost canisters but with a
house power brick I don't have to look
that up and cut it in later okay I want
to do this like Vader Super Jump ding
area yeah the power brick is like hidden
somewhere I'm gonna have to go cut that
in later so sorry you're not fucking
there
yeah I'm not so sure what your gaze is I
think it's after 60 bricks you get a
second half thousand for each which
means I should have bought in the ones
and two stupid by thingy place earlier
yeah I'm gonna go have to look up how to
get that stupid power brick so hold on
and as soon as I figure that out
since the Pacific sort of short I'm just
gonna cut that in so be right back guys
and welcome back guys and I am the
biggest fucking idiot ever look at this
it's right there
it is right fucking there oh my god I am
such a freakin idiot thankful this is
your chapter because I got to do this
again check count it so hold on to the
other chapter and I'll show you what it
is there we go the useless medikit
detector which we aren't gonna use so
what the hell oh I go through all the
trouble for I have no idea anyway until
next time folks
sorry about that cut off and then it was
such a dumbass I don't know well